[BD-5074]: Clarify that A/B testing is available for single channel, single DEVICE campaigns (#10330)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/engagement_tools/testing/multivariant_testing/create_multivariate_campaign.md

# Creating multivariate and A/B tests {#creating-tests}

> > You can create a [Multivariate or A/B test]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/engagement_tools/testing/multivariant_testing/) for any campaign that targets a single channel and single device (for example, for push notifications, only iOS or only Android).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You can create a [Multivariate or A/B test]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/engagement_tools/testing/multivariant_testing/) for any campaign that targets a single channel and single device (such as for push notifications, only iOS, or only Android).
```

> > You can create a [Multivariate or A/B test]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/engagement_tools/testing/multivariant_testing/) for any campaign that targets a single channel and single device. For push campaigns, this means targeting only iOS devices or only Android devices—not both device types in the same campaign.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You can create a [Multivariate or A/B test]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/engagement_tools/testing/multivariant_testing/) for any campaign that targets a single channel and single device. For example, if you want to use multivariate or A/B testing for a push campaign, you can target only iOS devices or only Android devices—not both device types in the same campaign.
```
